Create Coding Guidelines.md (#145)
microsoft/ProjectReunion: Coding Guidelines.md

> #### C++

Reviewer: Small nit on markdown style.  This is a fourth-level header. Use a single \# to start a section, then multiple \#\# within to make sub-sections. So this would be:

```md
# C++

Content goes here

# Markdown

Content goes here

# Other Languages

Content goes here
```

Reviewer: Might start with a "General" section, like:

```md
# General

Project Reunion prefers using industry-standard coding styles, guidelines, and
patterns for any languages used in implementation or testing.
```

Author: done.

> Project Reunion is primarily written in C++.  It will adhere to the "CPP Core Guidelines" at https://github.com/isocpp/CppCoreGuidelines.  Although it is not anticipated that we will require extensions or modifications to these guidelines, we may create a process for such extensions or modifications in the future.  

Reviewer 2: Can we link to the pretty-printed version?

```suggestion
Project Reunion is primarily written in C++.  It will adhere to the [CPP Core Guidelines](http://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines.html).  Although it is not anticipated that we will require extensions or modifications to these guidelines, we may create a process for such extensions or modifications in the future.  
```

Author: Missed this one, making this changes to both links.  I thought (mistakenly) that people preferred the "inline" version.

> Project Reunion implementations prefer C++ and C++/WinRT implementations.   New code must adhere to the [cppcoreguidelines](https://github.com/isocpp/CppCoreGuidelines) 

Reviewer 3: Please steal content from https://github.com/microsoft/ProjectReunion/compare/user/drustheaxe/styleguide 

We want all that content, but better in a coding guidelines.md than in contributor.md. I'll scrap my branch after you assimiliate its meat :-)

Author: incorporated the items as discussed offline.  thank you. :-)
